Mobile v2.17 changelog (#7141)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/mobile-app-changelog.md

 - Android operating system 7+ [is required by Google](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/12/improving-app-security-and-performance.html).	
 - iPhone 6s devices and later with iOS 13.4+ is required.

### Breaking Changes
 - **IMPORTANT:** The IPhone Deployment Target was updated to 13.4. Old devices may not be able to update the app (<1GB RAM and <iPhone6s).

### Improvements
 - Calls: Added a **Participants** list to the call screen.
 - Calls: Added the host controls menu, allowing the current host (or admin) to transfer host duties to another.
 - Calls: Added remove participant & view profile commands.
 - Calls: Host controls - **Mute all** option was added to participants list.

>  - Calls: Host controls - added stop screenshare, mute and lower hand functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Calls: Host controls - added stop screenshare, mute, and lower hand functionalities.
```

 - Changed the prioritized user autocomplete results based on recency and thread activity.
 - Updated the default themes to reduce eye strain (particularly on the dark themes).
 - Improved status management to avoid missing notifications.

### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue where channels from other servers could get read on startup.

>  - Fixed an issue where the clipboard did not receive the markdown as was entered into the original post instead of one that included a proxy link when tapping on the "Copy Text" list item in a channel post dot menu (accessed by clicking the three dots) for a post that includes embedded images using markdown.

Reviewer: I'm struggling to parse this bug fix description because it's a bit dense/complex. It appears that Copy Text wasn't copying all of the data in messages containing embedded images via Markdown?

>  - Fixed an erratic behavior with pull up to refresh on a thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed erratic behavior when pulling up to refresh a thread.
```

>  - Fixed gallery footer not showing an old profile picture.

Reviewer: Was the gallery footer showing an old profile picture, or NOT showing an old profile picture that was fixed? This bug fix is ambiguous as written.

>  - Fixed server option text on Quartz theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed server option text in the Quartz theme.
```
